Next on PIJN News,
Dr. Chaps reports on these important issues.
President Trump has directed Secretary Kennedy
to modify the vaccine schedule.
Why are there so many vaccines?
And what is modified RNA?
Is it bad for your health?
Pam Holloway, a nurse, will explain.
Former Navy Chaplain, Gordon James Klingenschmitt,
took a stand to defend religious freedom
by daring to pray publicly in Jesus' name.
Now he helps you by reporting the news,
discerning the spirits, and praying the scriptures.
Would you pray with us?
Here's Dr. Chaps.
God bless you in Jesus' name.
My name is Chaplain Gordon James Klingenschmitt, Dr. Chaps,
and you're watching PIJN News.
On this show, we like to do three things.
We report the news, we discern the spirits,
and we pray the scriptures in Jesus' name.
On today's show, we have a live interview
about current events with the vaccination schedule,
the changes at the Department of Health and Human
Services.
Bobby Kennedy would be proud to meet,
and really should invite to speak there.
My next guest, Pam Holloway, is a registered nurse
and has done, you're really more of a researcher now.
You're like the brilliant mind
behind all of the genetic modifications
that are happening inside of the vaccine development.
Please introduce yourself to our audience.
Thank you for having me.
I'm Pam Holloway.
I'm a Master of Science Prepared Registered Nurse.
My background is I started off in Army Nurse Corps,
and then I built out the Health Promotion Program
and the Army Well-Being Program
for the Department of the Army
before figuring out in about 2013
that there was a lot that was going not right
up at the headquarters level in the DC area.
And my husband and I left to start
a 1,200-acre regenerative agriculture operation
that we ran in order to get back to the community level
and really give people the tools
that worked to help reestablish their health.
When COVID happened in 2020,
we ended up starting something
called Health Recovery Ministry.
Full credit, that was, God did that,
and treated about 7,000 people
after authoring the Pandemic Prevention and
Intervention
in July of 2020 with three of the top healthcare
physicians
here in the country.
Including me, by the way.
I wanna say, Pam saved my life.
By when I had COVID, she sent a nebulizer,
and I was inhaling all the good things
without doing all the bad things
that the government was recommending.
Thank you for helping so many people.
Well, you're welcome, and it's purely by grace,
and to be quite blunt, I'm not the one with all the
brains.
I just happen to have access to those who did,
people like Dr. Brownstein, things like that,
who were doing really great work out there at the time,
quietly behind the scenes,
and so we were just taking a lot
of their good information to move forward.
You've written a new book about,
well, describe the title of the book.
It's kinda complicated, but you're gonna unpack it for
us.
Sure.
We just recently wrote a book called "O.G. Pro Notes."
That was done with a veterinarian,
Dr. Jim Bridge and myself.
In a nutshell, what we have rediscovered
is that ozonated glycerin was used back in the late
1800s,
and it was created by Charles Marchand, who was a
chemist.
It was being used all across the country
for infectious diseases.
It was taking out diphtheria, pertussis,
all of those types of things.
That knowledge was lost and then rediscovered
by the Japanese, and Dr. Jim Bridge then picked it up
and started using it in his veterinary practice.
And just this last month,
we just trained 300 healthcare practitioners,
physicians, dentists, veterinarians,
from internationally around the world,
and we wrote a book about it called "O.G. Pro Notes."
It's designed for the clinicians at this point
so that they could get out there and start working with
it.
We're now in the process of writing a book
for the average person, a little bit more common
language,
and we'll anticipate that that'll be out here
within the next six weeks.
- You brought a bottle of this.
I'm just gonna show it on the screen.
Ozone-infused glycerin.
Now, back in the '70s, I remember for heart problems,
people would take nitroglycerin tablets or something.
This is not gonna blow up in my hand, is it?
This just has ozone-infused glycerin.
What's this, how's this different?
- Ozone-infused glycerin is literally,
it's just a glycerin molecule with a peroxide inside.
So like you look at hydrogen peroxide.
- Yeah, extra O.
- Yeah, the extra O.
That's just the extra O stabilized,
so it's slow-released over time.
So when you think about slow-release painkiller
or something like that, this is slow-release over time,
only what it's slow-releasing is the oxygen,
and what that then does is it's antibacterial,
antiviral, antifungal, and it's also antiprotozoal.
So like, you know--
- It kills all the bad bugs inside of my bloodstream.
- Without killing the good bugs.
- Oh, interesting.
Okay, so I'm curious,
but I don't wanna interrupt your presentation
because you have this whole idea of getting back
to God's way of treating our body as his temple.
- Exactly, basically,
as a follower of Christ, it states very clearly in
scripture
that 1 Corinthians 6.15,
"Know you not that your bodies are the members of
Christ.
"Shall I then take the bodies members of Christ
"and make them the members of a harlot?
"God forbid."
Well, we always think one direction with that,
but I actually think it's more descriptive
as far as we are to steward this temple
and only put into it what is alignment with the Lord.
And so with that reminder,
it's the fact that this is his temple.
My job is to steward it.
It's not my own.
And the key is that is a part of how we worship him.
And in that, it doesn't belong to the government.
It belongs to the Lord.
Yeah, I don't even consider it mine.
It's just, I get to enjoy the relationship.
I steward it with him.
- So if our body is the temple of God,
we should be careful about giving control of our body
to the government.
- Correct.
- Like if the government is forcefully,
as they tried to do with our troops
and 10,000 troops were fired,
if they're forcing you to put something in your body
that you have a religious objection to, you can say, no.
My body is God's temple and I have bodily autonomy
and the right to refuse.
And that's going into the courts
and we're winning on that argument actually.
- Absolutely, absolutely.
And I think a lot of people were,
forgive them, they perish for lack of knowledge.
I really think it was a lack of knowledge
of understanding how the body functions.
And a very simple way to understand DNA and RNA
is if you look at DNA as the road system,
and if you look at RNA as the street lights
that say go, stop, turning the signal on and off
for when things go and when things stop.
Modified RNA, mRNA is the equivalent of a hacker
hacking into that street light
and changing that street light from go to stop
or stop to go without any consideration
of the rest of the road framework.
- Okay, let me repeat what you said
and then we gotta take a break.
Our DNA in our body is like a road structure
that God designed for all of our communications
and body parts at the cellular level.
Then RNA is the street lights on top of that
that govern the red light, yellow light, green light,
go, stop to allow different transmissions.
Modified NRA is what the pharmaceuticals are doing.
They're modifying the RNA to mess
with your green, yellow, red lights
so that the signals get mixed up
and it causes traffic collisions in your body.
Let's take a short break.
More with Pam Holloway after this.
This is PIJN News, defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
Dr. Gordon Klingenschmitt, a former Navy chaplain
court-martialed for praying in Jesus' name
has written an impactful book for such a time as this,
"How to Liberate the World,"
a step-by-step guide to taking our country back.
This book outlines 30 proven strategies
for making changes in the world for good and not evil.
Dr. Klingenschmitt's personal story
and the success stories of 15 other patriots
who created real change will inspire you
and give you hope for a better future.
You too can be a world changer.
Order your copy of "How to Liberate the World" today
and we will include Dr. Klingenschmitt's DVD set,
"How to Become an Effective Christian Activist."
Dr. Klingenschmitt also wants to send you
a commemorative prayer coin with the image of our
president
to remind you to keep him and our country in your
prayers.
To take advantage of the special TV offer,
call the number on your screen
or go online to PrayInJesusName.org.
They told me, "Don't give away the store, Dr. Chaps."
No, I'm giving away the store.
Today we're gonna show you how to get $500 worth
of our teaching videos normally sold on DVD for $500,
instead just $10 a month online.
We have a new feature on our website, PrayInJesusName.org,
called the Persuaders Club.
It's based on 2 Corinthians 5,
knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade
men.
You can join the Persuaders Club today
at three different levels.
For four bucks a month, as a regular sponsor,
you get secret, back-end news access
to the videos that are too hot for YouTube.
For $10 a month, or $9.99,
we're gonna give you all of our teaching series,
the Discerning of Spirits, the Coming Apocalypse.
10 different teaching series normally sells for $500,
just $10 a month when you join at the premium level.
Or for a one-time donation of $1,000,
you can have lifetime access.
Join the Persuaders Club today.
Visit PrayInJesusName.org.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
We want you to sign a petition today to stand with
Israel.
They are under such attack
with Arabs and Muslims killing Jews,
but here is the Bible territory
that God promised to the Israeli and Jewish people.
Even in 1993, in the Oslo Accords, Yasser Arafat agreed.
These are the current borders of Israel,
and it's their land.
Let's sign that petition.
PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, PrayInJesusName.org.
Sign it today.
Defending your religious freedom.
Here is Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps joined by registered nurse
and researcher, Pam Holloway.
Pam, we're just now hearing that Bobby Kennedy,
who is President Trump's appointee
as Secretary of Health and Human Services,
has been instructed by the President
to modify the vaccine schedule.
Today, when a child is born, they're already late,
right?
They're already behind schedule
on getting at least 18 injections
in the first year of their life
for all these different vaccines
that may or may not be necessary,
that may or may not be causing different side effects.
There's just allegations of how did autism spike
all of a sudden?
But now they're gonna reduce that.
The problem is some of the government approved,
who approves these modifications to the RNA
and why are they putting that in common vaccines
like the flu vaccine?
The issue that we're dealing with right now
with modified RNA is it's a new technology,
it's fascinating,
but we don't know the long-term ramifications.
We don't have the research to back it up.
Now, one of the things I really appreciate
that Bobby Kennedy's doing
is that he's calling for that research.
Robert Malone did an excellent job with the ACIP.
They're really trying hard to move things
in the right direction.
That's only one small component though.
What I'm concerned about is the fact
that we are seeing this come through multiple areas.
One area that's coming through is the vaccines.
The second area that's coming through
is we're actually seeing something called,
in the human now, germline editing.
And so what we're literally seeing
is that human embryos can now be edited
to change their genetic code structure
and then that continues to go down the genetic line.
That is directly man-made, putting his finger in,
and the question you have to ask is,
what happened to God's design?
The other area we're seeing in animals.
We're now starting to take human embryo DNA
and we're incorporating it into the animal embryos
in order to grow organs for humans.
Wait a minute.
They're combining human DNA with animal DNA
to create this chimera
that maybe for eventually good research,
but for now it sounds like the island of Dr. Moreau
where you have humans and apes that are combined
and it turns into this whole moral dilemma.
Where do we draw the line morally?
What's your answer?
My answer is that we need incredible discernment
and you have to stay in full alignment with God's
design.
And there's this old saying,
"The road to hell is paved with good intentions."
And I think that a lot of extremely well-intentioned
people,
I mean, it goes right back to Eve
with the knowledge component.
I mean, we think we have the knowledge and we really
don't.
There's a third- We're not eating
from the tree of life,
we're eating from the tree of knowledge.
Exactly. Wow.
And then we have another component that we're running
into,
which is it's actually going into our food supply now.
There's actually the design now
so that we will get our vaccines through the food
supply.
At which point you are losing the autonomy
to have the choice over what is entering into your body.
What about our plant system?
Well, with that, if you start taking
and mixing that DNA and RNA
that's going into the actual plant,
you're literally altering what that then
is communicating your body cells to do.
All of it is information.
They're putting it in the food supply?
Yeah, it's going in the food supply.
Okay.
There's modified RNA vaccines
now going into our pork already.
There is testing, it's going into our lettuce,
it's going into our tomatoes.
So we're starting to see genetic engineering
going into genetic modification
actually going into our food supply.
Okay.
What should the next vaccine schedule look like?
At this point in time,
there's so much that goes into it
beyond just modified RNA.
We're dealing with the fact that the excipients
in the vaccines, the adjuvants in the vaccines
are heavily contaminated with foreign DNA
that is now just starting to come out.
You can see some of the work underneath Robert Malone's
work
and others that is starting to expose this.
My advice is to pray, to discern.
The bottom line is you can't lean
on your own understanding in all your ways.
You have to acknowledge the Lord.
If you have peace coming from the Lord to do a vaccine,
then do it.
You need to slow down and ask Him.
And for myself at this point in time,
I'm actually choosing to use other tools
like the ozonated glycerin in lieu of vaccines.
I am choosing to take an approach of how do I live my
life?
How do I, what can I do that allows me
to keep myself healthy, keep my family healthy,
my animals, my livestock healthy
without having to rely on that system.
I'm gonna show these and then we're gonna take a break
on her website, which is, say the website.
Healthrecoveryministry.org.
Pam has available, not just the ozone infused glycerin,
which you can inhale with a nasal spray,
or there's also this called Rivascara,
Rivasca. Rivasca.
Rivasca, it's a glycolax research institute
by scientists who prescribe this.
They're in pill or powder form.
Visit the website.
Healthrecoveryministry.org.
Let's take a short break.
(upbeat music)
You know, I've been doing a lot of praying
and for years I've been teaching about the baptism
in the Holy Spirit.
Now what really happened on the day of Pentecost
in Acts chapter two?
Why did the disciples receive the power from God
to do Christian ministry?
And how can you experience the baptism in the Holy
Spirit
for your own power ministry?
This is a five part teaching, newly available.
We just put this out.
Part one is the baptism in the Holy Spirit,
how to receive the power of God in your life.
Then we go into part two, the gifts,
the power gifts of the Holy Spirit.
Part three is every instance we could find
of speaking in tongues throughout church history.
It's not an old gift, it's for you today.
And also we have interviews with Charles Johnson
and Lana Hightley.
I wanna encourage you to get this product
when you visit our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
Click on the online bookstore at the top of the page,
PrayInJesusName.org,
available for a suggested donation of $30.
Or you can call us at 866-Obey-God.
Again, that's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D.
This is a topic that in the last century
was responsible for up to 800 million Christians
around the world experiencing the gift of tongues
and their own private prayer life.
How can you have powerful intercession
in your prayer life with God?
This will energize you as a Christian
and it's all Bible-based.
This is real step-by-step instruction
through the scriptures.
We want you to have the baptism in the Holy Spirit.
Before you even begin to experience that,
it might be important if you learn
what the Bible says about that gift.
Again, yours today for a suggested donation of $30.
Get this product today at PrayInJesusName.org.
Operators standing by at 866-Obey-God.
(upbeat music)
I'm Dr. Chaps.
You know, Jesus taught the parable about sowing the
seed
and you don't want to waste it.
You want it to grow with 30, 60, 100 fold
for the kingdom of Jesus Christ.
I'll tell you three mission areas
that we're doing here at Pray In Jesus Name.
I think our charity does more with less
than any other charity I know.
We are fertile seed.
For example, number one, we pray in millions
of television homes every day
or every weekend on eight networks.
We have 2.5 billion home TV impressions every month.
The second area, we feed orphans and children
in some of the poorest slums overseas.
We're building a new vocational school.
We're digging wells and we're serving the poor
when you give to pray in Jesus Name.
Number three, we defend religious freedom,
especially for our troops and our chaplains.
We've now helped send 5 million petitions to Congress.
We've helped change bad laws or policies in 13 states
and four times in federal law.
You know my story as a former Navy chaplain,
standing up for the right to pray in Jesus Name
and defending religious freedom.
Would you donate today?
In fact, we want you to come up monthly pledge sponsor.
When you visit PrayInJesusName.org,
on the right side, click the monthly pledge sponsor
button
at PrayInJesusName.org.
Your monthly gift will help change the world in Jesus
Name.
Empowering you, the grassroots activist.
Here is Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps joined by Pam Holloway.
Pam, we have just six minutes left
and you have a third slide that you wanna share with
people.
The third slide that I was going to share with people
is just focusing on the glycocalyx itself.
The glycocalyx itself is a gel-like force
that lines literally every single blood vessel.
It actually is the largest organ in the body
that we've never heard of.
It literally covers miles.
It is actually covering 60,000 miles end to end,
10,000 square feet.
It is what transports nutrients back and forth,
improves the oxygenation.
People that are dealing with macular degeneration
are watching that reverse.
We're seeing reversals in renal disease.
We are seeing long COVID reverse,
all because of the ingredients
that are in that product, Revasca.
And it literally is improving the oxygenation,
as well as the ability to design new microcapillaries.
So people are having peripheral neuropathy,
it's reversing that.
So if you actually go underneath healthrecoveryministry.org,
there's a link there that you can go straight
into the Glycocalyx Research Institute.
It has been studied in over 200 research hospitals
around the world.
We now actually have the ability to even measure the
health
of your glycocalyx real time,
using a microscopic camera underneath the tongue.
Within four weeks, we're seeing dramatic approval.
I gave it to one woman's husband just recently.
I didn't realize she started taking it herself.
And she says she's had to stop using her glasses.
She's actually seeing better
without her glasses than with them.
Because the capillaries in your circulatory system,
the health regenerates and improves,
and you get better blood flow into every part of your
body.
Correct.
That's fascinating.
Okay, I'm gonna hold this up again.
Revasca, endolethial glycocalyx support.
What does glycocalyx mean?
Glycocalyx is that organ that you haven't heard of,
that is literally 10,000 square feet.
It's the longest organ in the body
at 60,000 miles end to end.
And it lines literally every single microvascular capillary,
all the way down to the four micron size.
Your average red blood cell is six microns across.
They literally fold in half and flow through one at a
time.
And we can actually see that now live time
with some of the images that we've captured.
Totally regenerates your circulatory system.
Pam, you've written,
I know you're working on the new book,
which you mentioned before,
but the book that's already in print,
people can get it today.
What is that and what's it about?
That book is the OG Pro Notes.
That OG Pro Notes is available
through going to the website ogpro.org, OG Pro Notes.
OG Pro.org.
But this looks different.
This is "Ozanated Glycerin."
What book is that?
That is the book.
That's the "Ozanated Glycerin" is the title of it.
It's "Ozanated Glycerin, Bridging Science Into Practice."
It's book one, volume one of a series that we're doing
that will repeat every year with the latest in case
studies
and things like that that are being done with the
physicians,
the veterinarians and the dentists
that are actually using this now in their practices.
And OG is this ozonated glycerin,
which is the little liquid form of this.
We have just two minutes left.
Would you encourage somebody out there,
maybe they suffered with the side effects of long COVID,
maybe they're suspicious of what is already in their
body
from having, like I did,
I got the COVID vaccine a couple of times,
just encourage somebody who's afraid
because we want hope, right?
We don't wanna sow fear.
And we don't want the government to do anything but
science.
We are pro-science, we are pro-vaccine,
but not the modification of God's design of our body.
That's different.
So give them the final word and maybe offer to pray.
You were created in his image.
Who better than he to know what you need to heal?
So as we move forward,
I just really encourage people to discern,
to do those things that bring joy.
The joy of the Lord is our strength,
to find that peace that surpasses all understanding.
And when we get back in touch physically,
emotionally and spiritually in alignment with him,
hearing his voice, he is very true to his promises.
They don't return void.
He will actually lead us into the steps and the way
that allows us to experience health, healing and joy,
regardless of whatever's going on
in the situation around us.
Anytime we make decision from fear,
we're making it from the point of the view of the enemy.
So what I would like to do now
is just to pray for everyone.
Please.
Lord, we just praise you and thank you
for the fact that all things work together for good
for those who love you
and are called according to your purpose.
So today we just ask that you reach through
to every single person
that they see, hear, feel, and know you.
Know your voice, Lord.
If they're in a position of confusion,
that they will turn to you,
take that moment to get quiet,
to ask and feel you, Lord,
and that you will guide their steps
in the way that you would have them go,
that they will no longer give away the autonomy
over the temple that you've given them,
but that they will feel the joy and the peace
of you guiding them through the care of that temple.
In Jesus' name we pray, amen.
Amen.
Our guest has been Pam Holloway.
Check out her website.
Our website is PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, PrayInJesusName.org.
Please give, especially your end of your gifts
are needed and appreciated,
can be matched and doubled when you donate
by the end of the year.
PrayInJesusName.org.
Call us toll free at 866-Obey-God.
We'll see you next time.
Dr. Chaps needs your financial support to stay on the
air.
Would you please send your best financial donation
today?
Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online
or you can mail a check to Pray In Jesus Name Ministries,
Post Office Box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970.
You can also call us toll free right now,
866-Obey-God, that's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D.
Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.
(upbeat music)